docs(legal): merge rate limits (#5719)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/legal/rate-limit-policy.md

## How is the rate limit implemented

ZITADEL Clouds rate limit is built around a `IP` oriented model.
Please be aware that we also utilize a service for DDoS mitigation.
So if you simply change your `IP` address and run the same request again and again you might be get blocked at some point.

If you are blocked you will receive a `http status 429`.

:::tip Implement exponential backoff
You should consider to implement [exponential backoff](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exponential_backoff) into your application to prevent a blocking loop.
:::

:::info Raising limits

> We understand that there are certain scenarios where you must access ZITADEL from one IP Address, for example access behind a corporate proxy or simply many users behind a shared internet connection.

Reviewer: > or simply many users behind a shared internet connection

You mean NAT?

Author: > > or simply many users behind a shared internet connection
> 
> You mean NAT?

Probably... can you make a suggestion? I think mine will not sound as good.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We understand that there are certain scenarios where your users access ZITADEL from shared IP Addresses.
For example if you use a corporate proxy or Network Address Translation NAT.
```

> Please [get in touch](https://zitadel.com/contact) with us for to discuss your requirements and we'll find a solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please [get in touch](https://zitadel.com/contact) with us to discuss your requirements and we'll find a solution.
```
